Current reports, until you advise a status upgrade.
Make these your primary action items.
I couldn't sleep.
No, you can't die from insomnia.
I'd flip through catalogs and wonder,
what kind of dining set defines me as a person?
This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
Welcome!
I prayed for a different life.
Soap.
I make, and I soak, and I soak.
This is how I met Tyler Durden.
Come on, hit me before I lose my nerve.
Ow!
Hit me in the ear!
It was on the tip of everyone's tongue.
Can I be next?
We just gave it a name.
Gentlemen, welcome to Fight Club.
The first rule of Fight Club is...
Wow, nice.
You do not talk about Fight Club.
Is that your blood?
Some of it, yeah.
After Fight Club, we all started seeing things differently.
You're gonna have to keep me up all night.
And she ruined everything.
You're not into her, are you?
No, God, not at all.
If all had been raised on television to believe
that one day we'd all be millionaires
and movie gods and rock stars,
but we won't.
He had a plan.
To what purpose?
In Tyler, we trusted.
We gotta take a Fight Club up a notch.
Each one of you has a homework assignment.
You're gonna start a fight with a total stranger.
That's not necessary.
You're gonna lose.
That hurt.
You were looking for a way to change your life.
You got it.
I'm stopping this.
It's already done. Shut up.
We're gonna sick game when you play.
Oh, my God.
Where is my mind?
You kid.
This is too much.
In the end, you will thank me.
Wow!
If you could find anyone, who would you find?
Shatner.
I'd find William Shatner.